There is no magical manna falling from heaven. I was told that there's nothing above the skies; no heaven, they even gave a name for the nothingness, space. There is no quails raining over the air, although I can see many pigeons flying around me. I know well that roasted pigeons were a delicacy but not here. I was told that they are poisonous, they call it "vectors of pathogens".

It is unclear whether I am alive or undead, I know not of others like me. This is the 9th days without sustenance. Not that I've not tried to offer labor for food but it seems not how this world works. They have this concoction call "money", I could not grasp the idea. I was given some while I sat on the streets, aimlessly observing the others. I am unsure whether they are human like me. Physically, we are alike but the words that sprouts from their mouth are unheard of, the way they rush all around the city is chao in perfect harmony. What is this piece of artisan-crafted metal that they gave me? I know not but I see people exchanging them for food, water and everything else. I tried performing the barter action of metal for food but they just shouted at me and waving their hand in a manner that seem to mean "go away". And went away I did.

Thankfully, there's a contraption call the "tap". It provided me water which squelches the rumbly paunch. The birds peck at the pool of water trickling so it has to be drinkable. It is not until this morning that I found out I no longer have to collect the trickles on my leaf, by turning this tap contraption, water surges out of the bewitched contraption. I saw one of the other doing it. I tried and since then the inundation have not ceased.

...
