It's 1340 hrs, 20 minutes before the official German lunch hour is over. Meticulous as the Germans are, they are punctual, at least that is true for the Germans that I know.

My perpetual state of hunger had evolved into a pseudo-anorexia. Not because I hate food, O contraire, as a Singaporean, I was borned to love food to the extend of death. "Die die must try," that's the adjectival phrase we use to describe food. My abstinence from food is neither voluntary or compelling, it is a by product of perennial disregard for my digestive system. My warped cerebral cortex adopts a epiphenomenalistic view when it comes to the digestive functions. It seems to revert to its silent mode whenever it receives neurons fired from any digestive organs. Not unlike an hormonal fiancee who ignores your calls until you receive a call from your supposedly future father-in-law to say that the wedding is cancelled. Someday, the acidic reflux would get serious enough for the cerebral cortex to pick up the call.

The sight of food tempts my primitive being, the distress of sustenance deprivation is beyond words. My mind tells me that the German, sitting across me in the library is annoying me with the incessant munching. Isn't there a sign that say "No food and drinks" at the library entrance? Oh I forgot, I am not in the "fine city" of banned chewing gums. Eating and drinking are allowed in trains and trains station, moreover it's encouraged, especially if you buy it from the food cabin.

Each crunch on that thousand island bulwarked schinken-kase salad resonates and amplified by the library's architectural acoustics. Totally distracted from my matrix screen of system's output, I fix my eyes on his lips. The delish labial movement, opening and closing, opening and closing. Each movement more sensual than the previous. Each sequence wetter than the previous. The analogous insertion of a fork load of food fondled by the pliable tongue. After snuggling with the crispy greens, the tongue dandles the risque culatello. O the ardor. The mellow cheddar blend in with the viscous thousand island sauce, completing the orgasmic relish, lubricating the lips. Rounds of onerous recursive culmination proceeds. Each iteration making the mouth more torrid, the persistent movement of the tongue, the continuous maeuver of the mouth. At last, he finishes the salad with one last thrust of cherry tomatoes, the placental tissue oozes upon his sybaritic bites. He pants with a tired expression from the bloated paunch. Or maybe it was a sigh of relief. I'll never know.

1400 hrs, right on time to end lunch. Pünktlich, das ist Deutsch.
