Carriage return. He activated the script. Now, having the god sight tracing system, he has access to any patrol polices' personal video log camera. He snickered at the thought of the policing thinking it was smart to implement a 4G satellite based go-pro like camera every where they went. He thinks it's one of the worse technological mishap that any policing bureau can think of, an access point to cameras that roam around the little red dot. The policemen and women must had thought it was a crazy idea to walk around with a transmitting video camera as long as they're in their uniform.

His laptop instantly became a security guard post monitor with the 12 inch display split into 6 equally spaced out screens each playing the live feed from 6 unknowning police, flashing every 5 seconds to the next 6. Each camera displaying the exact geolocations and the personnel details of the police wearing the camera. Such power within his Apple iMac Pro. The constant leftwards grin on his face is bringing attention to him as he sits in the corner of the Starbucks, close to the power plug.

His mind filled with mischief, generating ideas of what he can do with his god sight application. And yes, he suddenly remembers that he has yet given it a name. As the trojans that went before him and the trojans that will follow, an appropriate name after one of the Greek gods is mandatory. He lists them out aloud, Zeus (taken), Olympus (taken), Thor/Loki (this isn't a marvel movie), Janus, yes Jay-nus. The pun of removing the initial palatal approximant onset to become the passage way to fecal matter. The god of beginnings and passageway, how apt! The passageway to sight that only a deity should possess.

He took a sip off the ice non-fat caramel machiato, Janus, a name I bequeath thee.
