This zen state of mind eludes me. More often than not, I wonder what is the point of my existence. I am on a plane to Hamburg, 6307 miles away from my hometown of Toa Payoh. Soon I will be far away from my char kway teow, distanced from my chicken rice. I heard Michelin-starred chef, Gordon Ramsay, accepted the challenge to a cookoff against local hawkers. Once again I miss an epic milestone in the history of Singapore.

The acrid smell of airline food fills the air. Which meal are we at now? Supper? Breakfast? Or hell it could have been dinner. Getting stuck on a 14 hours flight halfway across the world makes me lose sense of time. I lost my appetite when they served me aalsuppe some hours ago, the charming blue-eyed stewardess said, "Das ist a local spezialität". My retort was supposedly, "I am Singaporean, bak kut teh is local, slimy electrocution soup isn't". Nevertheless, I kept silent, smiled and replied "Nein, danke" as I rubbed my belly to imply an cornucopian stomach. Her accented English tickled me, she reminded of what my previous boss told me, "German ist just English sounding funny"; he had to stress the alveolar plosive /t/ at the end of "is".

97 miles to destination. "Dir passengers, wir are erlebening some turbulence. Please return to your seat und keep der seatbelt on bitte," the pilot announces. To avoid any interaction with anyone I have the window seat. I obediently buckle my seatbelt and snooze my way to landing.

The pilot, "Dir passenger, wir haben begung our descent to Hamburg Flughafen, ah, ei mean Hamburg Aiport. The current weather in Hamburg ist warm and du kan expect light rains am der evening. Thank you for choosing Lufthansa, ein member of der Star Alliance. Flight attendants, please prepare der kabin for landing. Danke." At last, I sigh in relieve.

Why am I leaving the tropical heaven to a land of the frozen lich king? Possibly I am exaggerating about the 10 degree Celsius summer but my hypothalamus tells me it is the earth's equivalence of Northrend. I swipe the nexus7 to take another look at the ancient saxon map. A pinch to the examine the title one last time before I embark on the madness, "RottweilSchatz".
