Alone, the deafening silence is causing an A minor ring to my brain, much like the buzzing sound a tuning fork makes. Afraid, the thought of leaving this warmth filled room into the winter chills deters me. Loneliness mixed with fear, a potent concoction of terrible decision that leads me to the pub on a Tuesday night. I am never fond of alcohol, it clouds the mind and dulls my senses. But on this very night, I yearn to drift into an unconscious inebriation.

A wise doctor once said, "Don't waste your calories on bad food". I stand by the theory of calories conservation, I won't waste my calories on bad scotch. When it comes to whiskey, my tongue turns captious; nothing below the grade of Macallan 10. I sit by the almost empty pub swirling liquid malt, people-watching.

The dark-rimmed spectacle hippie bartender checking his iphone every few minutes, seemingly waiting for closing time. A German couple silently devouring their schnitzel superimposed by the overload of hollandaise sauce, sided by the staple potato. Each slice they made with their knives, pedantic. Each movement from the plate to their mouth, meticulous. If accompanied by a Mozart concerto, I would be compelled to raise up a clipboard with the number 10 as I stand in ovation, clapping.

And here I am, washing down the bouts of desolation after a Tuesday load of work. Beep, beep, my black Casio rubber watch gives the reminder. 10 mins before I miss the last bus back home, also 10 mins to Wednesday. Another day awaits, yet its end seems as bleak as today's. Returning to the robotic routine, I run towards the bus.
