This is madness, sadly this isn't Sparta. There ain't no half-naked 300 hunks with Hershey bar abs and tight underpants prancing around. There's only the harsh cold of the torturous northern hemisphere. Everyday, I go through the same routine. Waking up with a hunger, turning on the stove to warm the leftover whatever, warming up the tub for my aqua-alarm (i.e. a warm bath). I am never awake until the heat from the tap osmoses into my body.

Sometimes I have to turn up the heater just because the water tank was chilled by the nightfrigerator. Somehow today is one of the sometimes. I hate turning up the heater, the water heater only have two settings, it writes I and II but I call it HOT and HOTTER. I never understood electric heater, in the equatorial red dot, I just shower with cold water. I never will understand this specific heater, HOT isn't hot enough and HOTTER is too hot. Whenever I resort to the HOTTER setting, I had to tactfully turn on the cold water tap simultaneously such that the ratio of hot to cold water is 1:10. If not, I bear the chilly consequence of a sudden lapse of Celsius. And once again, I messed up. Frozen, I turned off the taps and restart the punctilious tap turning sequence.

Buzzzz, the doorbell. A visitor at 6am? Puzzled, I put on my microfiber bathroom and wade to the door. "Zoey?" I shriek and stare into her deep blue eyes. Dressed in a black leather coat, she trembles and hug me. We remain in the awkward silent bathrobe leather coat embrace for more than 30 seconds.

"Why is she here? How did she know I live here? Why is she here at this hour? What is she doing here in Hamburg? Why is she here while I am trying to wake myself up with the HOTTER bath?" Those questions I thought as I stand clasp in her arms but I remain silent.

"Why have you not replied any messages I sent to your gmail, facebook or twitter?" She says, sobbing. "I miss you too much, you left me in Singapore without a word and suddenly I see your married status on facebook. I know I can't have you but I have to talk to you. Please don't ignore me," still sobbing, she plants a peck on my cheek. 

I am lost for words. Moreover I haven't really woken up without my bath. Ah, the hotter water is still running in the tub. I usher Zoey to the sofa and gave her a glass of aerated water, "Zoey, make yourself at home and just feel free to drink or eat whatever you find in the kichen. Wait for me while I have a quick shower." Honestly, it isn't much of a kitchen. Two electric stove, a sink and a cupboard filled with instant ramen and muesli bars, it is more like a pantry. I turned off the stove and proceed with my waking up routine. I guess I would have to share my leftover tortellini in truffled béchamel sauce for breakfast.

